Oh, go down and have a look.
Little brother, are you alright?
Why don't you take my car to the hospital for a check-up?
Steel boss Huang Jieshe
He went to the suburbs to inspect today
The car fell off the bridge on the way back
Oh, I can't.
I still have something to do, little brother
Here's my card.
You can contact me anytime if you have anything.
Mr. Huang
Your car
It's better not to go on the bridge today
Dad, don't listen to him
I don't know where the liar came from, ignore him
I hope he survives.
I have a lot to do with you
The boss won the lottery
Isn't this Li Yi, a gambler from our village?
Why don't you have money to gamble? It's time to buy a lottery ticket.
The lottery number is 312222.
One-one pair is this
Boy, this is your first time buying a lottery ticket.
It's so heavy to choose this number.
Funny, I've been buying lottery tickets for so many years
This kind of scan code has never been issued.
Do you think it's to make up for your wife's measurements?
This medicine can be
I drank all the water that was poured into the water
Ok, you can get me the water now
If you win the lottery, you drink it.
missed
I dare to gamble
It's the grandson who dares not gamble
Come on, everybody watch!
If he doesn't win the lottery in a while, let him drink the water clean
Don't worry.
It's definitely not you who drinks
You are so lucky!
I really won 10,000 yuan
Say it, be willing to admit defeat